welcome back to GQ rules on Madame
rapport here with GQ creative director
Jim Moore Jim we got a lot of boots in
front of us what's going on well today
we're gonna talk about wearing boots
with a suit I didn't know you could wear
boots with the suit totally wear boots
with a suit let's go be the right kind
of boot they had the right kind of suit
exactly well basically you know we're
talking about a time of year when the
mercury is dipping down it's getting
slushy and snowy and rainy out there so
you want something that's gonna be
utilitarian that you and wear with your
suit but you don't want to necessarily
take it off when you get to work and put
another pair of shoes on you know take
this one for example from Jil Sander
it's got kind of a classic clean toe
shoe look to it but it's got a rugged
soul when the pant is over it it really
looks like a beautiful shoe it's got a
great look to it same with this one from
Tom Brown the main thing about it is
it's still very very stylish so it's
going to look good with a suit you look
at these by Balenciaga there's something
a little almost kind of British punk
rock about I'm almost going back to Doc
Martens days they've got attitude
there's something classic about them but
still something a little bit rugged a
little bit cool gives you another sort
of dimension to your typical suit you
also see if there's a little bit kind of
old-world nasai a picture of a
mayakovsky the russian poet on my desk -
wearing a old three-piece suit with
boots and he looks like elegant refined
and still like a tough bastard you
wouldn't want to mess with but I think
the key though is that you got to wear
the right kind of suit with the boot
correct
that is the key all right so let's take
a look at those two ok here we are with
Steve in a very stylish wool great what
we're talking about this is a great
flannel suit a suit with some punch -
it's a beefy fabric of a PMF and takes a
beefy shoe you know like an flannels
tweed wool surges and you know or we're
always would be great for this and it's
just it's a perfect marriage with this
boot it's got the thicker sole it's a
little bit higher but when you put your
foot down it looks like just a great
substantial you know lug sole shoe yeah
guys in the office aren't gonna be
giving you a hard time saying dude while
you weren't a boot with that
sturdy boot sturdy suit give it a shot
this winter be sure to tune in tomorrow
and G to rules for another essential
style tip